Well, good evening family. Thank you for
joining me again tonight. I really
appreciate it. We have much prayer to do
concerning our nation and what the Lord
revealed to us. Even yesterday, if it
wasn't for what he showed me yesterday,
I probably would have taken today off. I
was watching on Angel TV or whatever
it was. D was watching Christmas movies.
I love those, you know, whatever
they are. There's one on
there that was really good—that little
movie
thing—but
some of them are kind of cheesy. I
go, 'It's not that good. Turn that
off.'But
there's one that's really cute;
I liked it. But all glory to Jesus.
Let's go over
some things that the Lord showed us real
quick. We'll make it quick for all of
you. I want to show you something that
was sent to us in an email today that I
think will really bless you. A
lady sent this. She said, 'Brandon,
I was thinking about what you said
about the young lady from Australia
that would write a new song.'So I
was looking for her to see if she
existed. And so I just
Googled a music artist whose name is
Lily,
and I thought, 'Well, that was
creative.'We
don't have time to study all
this. So if everybody recalls, what
the Lord showed us was a lily coming up
out of Australia that would have a
song that would hit top charts
eventually, that would sing something
that was heavenly music, and that the
Lord would use this young lady. And I
said she's blonde-headed with curlier
hair and she plays
an
acoustic guitar is what I saw in the
vision. And I saw her playing, but
as she was in Australia, I saw
that Lily would
bring a fragrance before the Father. And
I saw the
pistils
that have the yellow on the top, and
it was black in the center and
pink on the outsides, but it brought a
fragrance before the Lord with great
heavenly worship. So this lady, I
guess she had extra time today,
and she said, 'Brandon, I found her. I
found her. Is this her?'And I said,
'Well, you know, let me see.
I'm always curious.'So this lady right
here, her name is Lily,
and play...
'Hi, I'm Lily Wood. I'm at the CCM Cafe. Hi,
I'm Lily Wood. I'm at the CCM Cafe,
and this song is 'The Servant
King.''She's
just getting started,
and I thought,
'Keep going a little bit
more.''It'd
be messy
and gray,
probably
have dishes in the
sink.'Okay,
isn't that neat?
I laughed about it. I said it's so
precise the way he talks to me, and I'm
so thankful that he does. You know,
he's such a
cool—it's
amazing to me. But the blonde,
Lily, Lily is her name, and she plays an
acoustic guitar and she's Australian, and
the Lord said she would write music in
the days ahead. I don't know if she'll
do it now, if she's already done it, or
if she has these ideas, but heavenly
music will come to her. And I believe
with what I have seen in the vision,
this is the young woman. I said she's
blonde with long hair. If
everybody goes back to that, do they
remember,
Braden? Do they remember?
I can't see the feedback.
I'm behind a camera. So I'm always
curious if you all remember Lily. I
said, 'Do you? It comes
back.'Isn't
that
neat?
So whoever did the research on that,
thank you. It blessed me because I
thought, 'Surely this is her, Father.
Surely this is
her.'She—even
her cheeks, the way she—it's cheek
appear... I thought, 'Isn't that pretty
cool?'I
said, 'And she has her own
little tune.'I liked it. Play a
couple of seconds again. I thought it
sounded
kind of like a David's harp.
I thought it sounded cool.
'My thought was a house;
it'd be messy, cold, and
gray.'Is
that
neat?
I thought, 'Surely.'I don't like the words
necessarily of the song, but I thought,
'Is that
her?'Kind
of interesting. I don't know.
Something to pray about. Pray for her.
She has like 20 people that follow her.
But I thought, isn't that interesting?
Maybe not to you all, but to me it is.
All glory to Jesus. So the next
thing I want to talk about is what the
Lord showed us concerning Emmanuel
Macron
and
Zelensky.
And yesterday, the Lord showed me a lot
of very hard
things concerning tunnels underneath the
Vatican. And I'm just going to be bold
about it. I saw tunnels underneath the
Vatican.
These tunnels were used for
not good things.
And people go, 'Well, Brandon,
you're—'No,
no, no. I'm just bold about what he
said. And I saw tunnels underneath Rome.
I saw darkness underneath Rome. Now, if
there's no tunnels underneath there, you
can throw an egg at me. But I saw tunnels
underneath Rome. And it was concerning
Vatican City, that area.
There was something there. Now you say,
'What were the tunnels for?'I'm not going
to get into all that.
There's a shaking coming
to awaken many religions, many people in
the days ahead.
And the Lord keeps warning
us about this over and over again. He
keeps giving us 1 Corinthians 5:5.
But then he warned us
about Emmanuel Macron again last night.
And he said, 'This man will become a
tyrant in the days ahead.'And I saw the
satanic
sacrifice—and
not with him, but with people
that were associated. And I saw George
again. And people said, 'George
Bush.'No,
not George Bush. Come on. George
with money. These people were
associated with this to bring forth the
Antichrist system, to bring
instability
in governments, paid protesters,
rioters,
things like that.
And the Lord warned us about this. But
as I was seeing, Zelensky was being
strong-armed by President Trump. He was
being strong-armed, and he was
looking over his shoulder to Emmanuel
Macron,
his buddy. 'What do I do? What
do I do?'he was saying because they
wanted to keep the status quo of war,
war, war, to pump the economy
of Europe.
Zelensky
was part of this, and I saw him
trying to step in like the big brother.
You see this? Do you see these pictures?
This is exactly what I see coming. But I
saw whenever President Trump was
cracking his whip... Part of the major
word that he gave us for 2025 was Donald
Trump would stand in a position of
cracking his whip
as he became president this year. And I
saw him cracking his whip, cracking his
whip, cracking his whip. And he would
make them pause, for he was calling for
peace. And the Bible says, 'Blessed are
the
peacemakers.'And
he was doing his best to
create peace throughout the Middle East,
peace throughout these areas. And as he
was doing this, they were all watching
and being paused for a second because,
you know, he's the 800-pound gorilla in
the room.
But I saw them devising a plan. I need
you to hear me really carefully tonight.
I saw them devising a plan in the
spirit,
a secret dark plan that was funded by the
people. There were suits. Okay? And this
is what I did not reveal last night, but
I felt more peace about it today. I saw
a group of suits. You say, 'What does
that mean?'Men with money. A group of men
with
money were backing them. So Emmanuel
Macron is
right here in the vision,
separated by suits that were fogged. I
could not see their faces, but these men
were funders.
They were businessmen and big business
money in Europe
that did not want peace,
that did not want
the United States to dictate this
war.
Who was behind the suits was Lucifer
and Satan. He was behind them, and he was
the one pushing the suits
to get them to react, to make the
politicians do what they wanted them to
do through finances. 'You do what we tell
you to do or we cut you off.'And that's
the way it is with the Democrats and the
Republicans. But the Lord showed me men
with money control the world.
Men with money, not politicians, men
with money. And they were controlled by
the devil. People who have big money.
I'm
not talking about a couple million
dollars; I'm talking about
billionaires, multi-billionaires.
I was seeing this all happen.
As that was happening, I
saw—and
this is what you all need to know—I saw
Europe. I saw Emmanuel Macron and I saw,
coming
out of the Eiffel Tower, a black
swan
with an orange
beak and orange feet, looking like
a
duck.
It was pure black.
The Lord said, "Watch for events to
keep them strong-arming Trump because
he's a part of
NATO."You
see that bird?
That's what I saw coming out of the
Eiffel Tower.
I saw it coming out of Europe. I saw
Trump not wanting to be a part, but
swearing an allegiance that he would
be a part because of
these events to keep America entangled.
As America was trying to separate,
there were events planned to pull
America back in.
We should leave NATO,
from
what I saw.
It's just my opinion.
I saw
the King of England turn into
a scorpion with his stinger up. He
turned and faced with his
pincers
toward Zelensky and
Macron, then
turned his body around
towards Australia and Canada.
He was pinching his fingers; the King of England was a scorpion
with his
tail ready to strike. He
came
out of the palace
where he lives and
was looking around as a
scorpion, and I could see his face in the
scorpion's body.
As I watched him,
he was focused on Emmanuel
Macron.
I saw an escalation of things again
to bring forth war.
The Lord
showed me it has to do with
bringing forth the Mahdi. It has to do
with creating
instability
for a global
economic crisis to bring in a digital
platform and a digital ID system.
That's why
I saw old military jeeps again last night.
It's
a metaphor;
we don't use
that
stuff anymore. We use armored vehicles and Hummers. I
saw an old World War II event trying to
take place and wrap its coils around
Europe.
I went to
Israel and the Lord said,
"Regrouping."They're
regrouping Hamas, Syria, and
others. I saw this
man—whether he
is Prime Minister or
King—he
was
two-faced.
The Lord said to me, "He's devising a
plan, talking to the Islamic
Brotherhood."He
said they are able
to lie. The Lord
said they are lying; they're
two-faced.
Pray for Trump to have great
discernment in the days ahead, for he is
being lied to and played
by this man, by MBS
and others. They are sworn
to an alliance, but
they believe they don't have to tell him
the truth. The
Lord said it was tied to the Islamic
faith. I thought that was
interesting because they called him an
infidel.
I saw
great alliances with the Islamic
Brotherhood coming
out in the days ahead.
They're
regrouping, licking their wounds, but
they have plotted a plan. They're
furious about how Gaza
went—they
feel they lost Palestine and
those areas—and
they were
devising a plan for a brutal attack in
the days ahead, worse than October 7th.
It will
happen at night
while
they're sleeping. That's what the Lord
showed me in these
visions.
Then he showed me
drones
being
used
for
terrorist activity in the days ahead.
It wasn't all about America; it was
about Europe. I saw them buying
drones from Amazon or whatever
and attaching things to
detonate into crowds during
tree-lighting ceremonies
and parades,
like New Year's Eve. They
were
trying to bring forth
fear and terror
without having to be present. They
were in a location further away so
they could land
these
into areas where people were
gathered and celebrating.
The Lord said, "Watch
Las Vegas,
Nevada."I
saw a semi-truck trying to run down the
Strip and use it to
maul
people down
because it's hard to stop.
It's a big truck.
Then I saw, "Pray over
Steven Furtick and his church."Pray
for
protection over
megachurches.
It wasn't necessarily all about
Steven Furtick; it was a representation
of that type of church, a
poster child for
the seeker-friendly
church
in America.
The Lord
said it's not only about
Charismatics but
all denominations. Pray
over the
megachurch
concerning major events that would try
to bring instability and
chaos. Then I saw
a
humongous church,
one of the largest
in Africa.
The Lord
said a major scandal is about to break
loose in this church.
It was embarrassing, which
is
why he brought up 1 Corinthians
5:5.
He said, "I've
warned and I've warned, but so many
people have not taken
heed."They
must know the
seriousness of the hour.
We're
praying over
Black Friday
shopping,
tree-lighting
ceremonies
like Rockefeller
Center,
drones, and lone-wolf
attacks.
He highlighted
Washington, D.C.
I saw a major tree in
Washington
and the Lord
said, "Pray over this
area."There
are
two major trees in Washington,
D.C. each year: the
National
Christmas Tree
and
the Capitol
Christmas Tree.
We're going to pray over that
tonight—not
the tree, but the event and the people.
I'm talking about the people. We want to
pray over our president.
We must keep him protected. He must
finish the job that God has set him to
do. He must live long and finish strong.
God has an assignment, and you will see
that assignment even more in 2026 and
2027.
We must pray over our elections
concerning the midterm, that we would not
have a stalemate government.
This
is
very serious stuff going on.
Very serious stuff.
November 24th.
After Thanksgiving,
on
Tuesday, December 2nd,
and
December 4th,
we pray over these
events
on
November 29th.
That would be Friday
or Saturday.
Saturday night, we pray over
Saturday. These events are
highlighted to me to pray over them.
We don't give the devil any
foothold. We don't give him any place.
We want to keep our
thumb on somebody
so they can't wiggle around.
As the body of
Christ, we don't give him any place
to maneuver or cause any kind of
havoc in our nation and your nation,
Europe, from what I saw. This doesn't just
have to do with America. This is
something very serious concerning the
Christmas holidays and holiday shopping
in your area, particularly Germany and
France.
Major cities were highlighted
to me, like
Rome,
Italy.
Then we
have the weather events and all the
other things I told you
about.
New
Year's Eve. Again, he showed me New
Year's Eve. He warned us
about major Arctic freezes in
America. There would be unusual cold
fronts,
Siberian air. You said,
'Well, we have those, Brandon. Of
course, it's winter.'No, there are going
to be unusual weather patterns in the
days ahead, an unusual winter.
That's just what I'm praying
over right now. They
say we have a major cold front coming
December 1st here in
Oklahoma. They're saying all this major
cold air, but I
see
weather manipulation, weather
modification,
weather that is not normal weather.
That's what I have.
I find little things and I
tinker with them. I have a nail in
my hand; I don't even know why the
nail's there.
It's on my
table, so I find it. It's either that
or my fingernail clippers,
or
cough drops. I have all kinds of things
that I tinker with when I'm talking.
I
feel things, I push on
them.
People go, 'What's he
doing with the nail?'I don't know.
But I went over that thing yesterday.
People were
all interested in the puzzle.
Do
you want to show them that
before I pray?
Put
in the comment section down
below what you think they're trying to
say about this picture. Do you think
it's
nothing, or do you feel like there's
something to this?
It's made by the Rockefellers,
and I think there's something to it.
It's not normal.
I believe they
communicate with that. If you go back to
the Economist main thing every year,
they always put out their prediction,
and they put one out for 2028.
That was the one with Xi
Jinping and
the panda bear.
This is not normal; this is them
communicating. The cover
this year
is interesting to me.
So you can put in the comment
section down below what
stands out to
you.
Braden,
put the other one up there
with the 24. Let them
look at that for a second.
Vladimir
Putin—I
think the swords are
interesting.
All right. Well, maybe it's a big
nothing burger.
I try to let you in my
little world of things that I think
are
interesting.
I've been
drinking a ton of water
to keep flushing my body.
I believe that's where we are right now.
Father, I just thank you, Lord, for
another great day today. We
lift
this body up before you. We
thank you, Father, for all that you've
done for us,
for anointing us
for such a time as this. We pray
for our president, we pray for
the peace of Jerusalem, we pray for our
pastors, and we pray for the prophetic. We
pray for these black
swan events. We thank you, Father, that
you've called us to the kingdom for such
a time as this.
You chose every single one of
us—all
4,200 people on here
tonight.
You call us the closers.
You told me,
'Brandon,
there will be a generation that doesn't
taste death, and you are that
generation.'Thank
you, Father.
That means you saved the best for
last.
God, I thank you for all
the people that are representing you.
We have the
best of the best prayer warriors on this
prayer channel.
Every
single person brings their supply
because when we pray
together, there's power, for
Many hands make light work.
Father, I thank you for every
single person represented here
tonight. I call them healed and whole
and well.
My wife and I, and my son, we all
agree that they are healed and
whole and well, and they lack no good
thing.
We lift up this body before
you.
We thank you, Lord, that you were
wounded for our transgressions
and
bruised for our iniquity. The
chastisement of our peace was upon you,
and with your stripes, we are
healed.
This
represents
so much more than just a little
wafer in a cup of juice.
Jesus paid the price for us to walk in
victory over sickness, disease,
poverty, lack, and mental torment.
People are battling depression during
this holiday season.
They feel alone or
that
they
don't have relatives.
But
Father, you said you'd never leave us
and you'd never forsake us.
You're their family during this
beautiful holiday season. We
lift up the people who are alone and we
thank you, Father, that they are never
alone because you're always with them. I
pray, Father, for peace. You are the
Prince of Peace. And Father, right now,
I ask you to flood their hearts, flood
their minds, flood their beings,
Father, with your holy, beautiful
presence. That
sweet-smelling
fragrance, the fragrance of the Holy
Spirit, that peace that passes
all understanding. Goodness and mercy
will follow them all the days of their
life. Father, if they've lost somebody
tragically this year,
like Erica—she lost Charlie and
their kids are in this first
Thanksgiving without having their
father there, without having her husband
there—and
anybody else who lost
somebody that's dear to them this year,
I thank you, Father, that you fill that
void.
Father, that you are that joy; we
find that joy unspeakable and full of
glory in these last days. Father, I know
that days of darkness and days of hardness
come, but Father, you said, 'Occupy until
I come and enjoy life.'Brandon, you tell
me all the time, 'Brandon, just enjoy
life. I want you to have fun and enjoy
life. Don't look at all the darkness
around you. Keep vertical and keep your
eyes on me in this darkness.'And dark
times will come; dark times happen. But
Father, you are my vertical.
We keep our eyes on you and we don't go
horizontal looking all around us. We
keep our eyes on you. We stay the course
knowing that you are that peace.
I pray for every single person right now
that has that sense of just that void of
depression and anxiety and feeling
so lonely. We thank you, Lord, that you
are that God who brings comfort
to the person who needs comfort.
I believe, Father, that this is the day
that they're going to have a turnaround
in their emotions, a turnaround in the
sadness that they feel. And Father,
those who are full of joy right
now and this is a breeze for
them—they
love the holidays; the holidays are
awesome; they love this time of
year—I
thank you that you would double the joy
on their lives and that, Father, it
would flow out of them and
spill over to the people who are
not having that joyous time.
Father, you brought joy on
every single one of us, that joy
unspeakable and full of glory. Father,
we don't just harbor it in
ourselves,
but we dump it out on the other people
and they see that light and they say,
'There's hope in your eyes.
There's joy in your
eyes.'And
every single one of us would be
that salt and we wouldn't lose our
saltiness.
I thank you, Father, for this beautiful
Thanksgiving season that's coming up.
There's peace in homes and there's no
strife around the tables when we
eat as families in the days ahead; that
you're not bickering and fighting.
Father, there's peace, and there's not
Democrat versus Republican and Catholic
against the charismatic; we all get
along and they say, 'Man, there's just joy.
I love being around
you.'I
have to
tell myself all the time because I was
not a person who liked Christmas
for years; in fact, I despised Christmas.
Not because of Jesus, but because of being around
people. And I had to say it to myself, 'I
love Christmas. I love being around
folks.'I
say it all the time;
I have to say it to myself all the time.
I'm just being real with y'all.
It's something that I've struggled with
all the time. I used to go around even
whenever I was saying, 'I hate the Christmas
season.'And
that may sound really bad, but I'm
just telling you something I've had to
overcome.
I say, 'I love the Christmas
season. I love this timeframe of the
year. I love the
lights.'I
thank God for
Christmas get-togethers at the church
or whatever. I used to hate that; I
used to say it so much and I had what I
said, and it's something that
I've
worked on because Diana loves Christmas.
Loves it. And so do my kids.
But I just always go... and they said,
'Daddy, why do you always say
that?'I
say, 'I don't know. I need to work on
it.'And
so I've worked on it; it's
something that I love now.
I go, 'Hey, I love this
season.'Paisley
loves it; it's so wonderful.
I don't like the materialism of it. I
think that's where it all started with
me as somebody growing
up. I hate the materialistic side of it,
how everybody acts.
I don't like all of the spending and
the debt and the pressure—'Well, you
bought me this and I've got to
buy you that because if you don't, it's
offensive because your gift is not as
nice as mine.'I don't like that
competitive crap and it's why I always
was like, 'You know what? I don't
want to participate in it.'So
anyone
say, 'What you want for
Christmas?'Nothing.
I don't want anything. And
that's the way I always was for a long
time. 'I'll bless you.''Don't bless me. I
don't care about
it.'And
that's why there's a lot of
people that are similar to
being like that. So I'm just
trying to encourage you. Christmas is
beautiful. It's about Jesus.
He deserves a day. People say,
'Well, it's pagan. You're doing this and
that.'No.
Jesus deserves a day. Jesus
deserves a year. Jesus deserves
everything. But if you don't celebrate
him at Christmas, celebrate him
sometime.
He deserves it.
That's what I told my kids. We make him a
big
Christmas cake and write
'Happy Birthday'on it. We even
allowed you all to be a part of that
last year. We celebrated and had a cake
and did it all. We show you what we do
as a family. We make it about Jesus
being
the reason for the season. And all of
this—all
the materialism, all Black
Friday, and all the hype—I keep Jesus
the main thing. I
refuse to rob him of it and let Santa
Claus take the glory. Santa Claus
isn't
coming to my house.
I'm
always saying Santa Claus
doesn't
exist in this house. Jesus does.
He's the provider. There isn't a man in
a red suit. Jesus provides for my kids.
I never let someone take the glory
other than Jesus Christ; he gets all the
glory in my house. And we've raised our
kids that way. Jesus is the reason for
this season, not some big guy in a red
suit. It's fun, okay, a fairy tale,
whatever you want to say, but Jesus
is
the reason. He is the reason for our
season. And we give him all the glory,
honor, and praise. And we give him a
birthday cake; he may not eat it
in the natural, but we
celebrate with him like he's there. And
we have video showing
you what we do.
It's all glory to Jesus.
We always give the glory to Jesus in
this beautiful season. And now we give
you praise and thanksgiving.
You
are so real to us,
and when you get real with God, God
will become real to you. We make sure we
always keep the main thing the main
thing. Jesus is important in our home.
Jesus is provider. Jesus is our healer.
Jesus is our comforter.
You got that there, babe?
There it is.
Merry Christmas.
Brownies or cookies or something. And so
this year, Diana found
it.
Happy?
Did you see it?
Yeah.
It's important.
It's so important. Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Father, for what you did for
this household this year. As we close
out 2025,
thank you that we are thriving and we come
alive and all the things you can say to
rhyme with it.
Everything that was is what you've done
for us and we're so grateful. We're so
healed and whole and
well—mentally,
emotionally, physically, financially.
You have been good to Brandon and Diana,
and
my children. We praise you, Father. We
thank you, Lord, for 2025 as we have
a day of thanksgiving coming. We take
this body right now in
Jesus'name.
I know it was different, but it's just
from the heart. People make things so
religious.
Get real with God; he will become real
to you. Stop treating him like
he's untouchable. He wants you to sit in
his lap.
Jesus made it possible for you to sit
with him in the heavenlies
and take the blood of Jesus. What
represents the blood is what makes it
that way. Thank you, Jesus, for your blood,
because if it wasn't for you,
who
eradicated sin and got rid of it
all, I would be in so much trouble. We
would
all have to sacrifice a
bull, and the vegans would really hate
it. What would you do then if we still had
to sacrifice a goat or a sheep for
sin or whatever? They'd be
saying,
'Oh my God, what would you do? What
would you vegans do
then?'You're
in trouble because you won't even eat
it. So now you've got a cat killer for your
sin. Thank Jesus even more for his
blood, vegans.
I'm just saying. I'm not trying to be
funny. It's serious,
y'all. You know, the tree huggers would
hate it, but
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in
victory.
And we don't have to kill any goats
or
bulls and all those things. Look what he
did for us. There
is
so much to be thankful for.
We take the blood, and we say we make
much of the blood, and the blood makes
much of us.
Thank you, Lord, that we don't have to
kill a goat or all this because
you were the lamb slain from the
foundation.
You did it all. Jesus paid it
all; all to him I owe.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, Father. We
praise the one who paid my debt and
raises life up from the dead. I believe,
Father, for the blood. I believe,
Father, for what you did for us. You've
been so good to us in Jesus'mighty name.
Amen. Amen.
Thank you, Lord.
That's why I just try to be real with
the Lord.
You know, I tick a lot of religious
people off. Good. I want to be able to
go into the synagogue and flip
the tables and say we have
to be real with him. You've got to be real
with Jesus. Stop being so flaky.
Lord,
I plead the blood over my eyes. If you
want to show me anything, fine. If you
don't, it's good, too. But we're here.
And Lord, we pray over the things you
showed us last time.
Father, I don't even really truly
know how to pray over all of that
because it was so much in the natural of
my natural tongue. But I pray in the
spirit, and I lift up this war before
you.
I lift it up before you, Father. There
are
so many people losing their
lives. They said an average of 10,000
people a day.
Is that 70,000 a week? That is
an
astronomical amount of men and women
dying
on both sides.
Lord, this
has been going on for years.
Lord, I thank you. No matter how many
people and these big businessmen
who
are involved in this and these evil
people who are trying to escalate war,
I ask you, Father, to put a stop to the
war.
Help us,
Holy Spirit. Work on the behalf that
Zelensky
would be removed,
that this government would be put
in, and that they would bring peace to
Ukraine. The Ukrainian people would
have peace
and
stop having all the bloodshed;
they're precious to you and
precious in your sight. The same with
the Russians. We pray over every Russian
representative here who has lost
people just like the Ukrainians. And you
know, they're not fighting a war
for themselves; they're fighting because
they've been told they have to.
And I thank you, Father, that there's
peace even in Ukraine. There's peace in
Russia. There's peace, Father. And that
this would stop. The escalation of
things would stop. That Ukraine
would back down and not want to join
NATO. Whatever it is that is causing
this fire to burn so bright.
We know we're in the end times, and you
said we'd have wars and rumors of wars,
but God, we still pray for peace.
We still pray for peace. Father, you
said pray for peace.
We call for peace in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, over Israel,
over Gaza, over Jerusalem, and over
all these areas. I pray for peace. As you
said, they were regrouping.
And we thank you, Lord, that you raise
up men and women who are good leaders
throughout Jerusalem and all over
Israel. Father,
we thank you, Lord, for leaders with
a backbone like a crowbar
who
would have a biblical saving knowledge
of Jesus Christ all throughout the land.
We thank you, Father, for President
Trump. I know, Father, he may not get
everything always right, but
I believe he fears you. I believe
JD Vance has a saving knowledge of
the Lord. He wants to be a
Christian. He wants to do things that
are right.
I ask you, Father, to stir in them
in the middle of the night.
I thank you that they would come even
closer to you,
Father,
and
that passion for Jesus would grow
to another level. Yeah, they may cuss.
They may drop a lot of F-bombs or
whatever on TV, but Father, I
thank you that you search them and you
know them, and you'll create
in them a clean heart.
I ask you, Father, to give President
Trump tonight great discernment during
this season of his
presidency. Father, let
him
have great discernment in Jesus'name.
May
he not allow people in his
inner circle just because of money
issues or business deals. Let
him
not be swayed by business
deals, but be swayed by
character. And that he would see the
snakes in the
middle of the courtyard
in the Oval Office. He would see
them
coming. He'd say, 'There's a snake,'and he
would call a snake a snake.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that nothing
would get past him even in his cabinet
or
in his administration.
Father, let him have wisdom on
who's a friend and who's a foe.
I thank you, Father, over JD Vance.
Father, let him not turn into the
snake that I saw him turning into by
2028.
Father, let him not backstab. May he
stay the course and
be what he needs to be. Father, I
thank you, Lord, that
you raise up kings and you
bring down kings. You harden the heart
of Pharaoh and you soften hearts.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that your
hand is on this nation. Let
us
have a red wave in 2026.
We pray already in advance that 2026 is
not a year of a fix. Let them not
fix the elections against it. Father, let there
be a
major move of a
red wave, and it will be even more of a
great revival starting in the name of
Jesus over 2026. I call a revival over
America, over Europe,
over South America, over Asia, and over
Africa. Father, we call forth in the
name of Jesus a move of God from sea
to shining sea.
Father, over the holiday shopping,
all the Christmas shopping, all of this
Black Friday stuff on
Friday of this week, we pray, Father,
for every plot, every plan, every wicked,
thought-out
casualty
event in our malls, in our holiday
areas, wherever they are. Father, I
thank you, Lord, where everybody's
gathering together—through sporting
events, through parades. We call forth
our law enforcement for their eyes to be
heightened, that they would see darkness
before it even began in dreams and
visions and night visions. I thank you,
Father, that you would show them that
which is to come, that they would
heighten their discernment and their
senses are elevated,
that they would be able to see
before it even would happen. Over there,
over there, look over there, over there.
And the angels of the Lord would go
before us and prepare the way that no
demonic agenda would come and slay any
American lives in Europe or in these
areas. And Father, I thank you, Lord,
for
a
de-escalation
that we would see in the name of Jesus.
Our sheriff's department, our local
law department, our police officers,
our sheriff, our FBI, our homeland
security.
I thank you, Lord, for the angels of the
Lord are camped around and about
them. Father, even our border patrol,
our highway patrol, we pray a
supernatural and heightened
alert
over TSA,
over our airways whenever our planes are
flying, that they would find any kind of
bomb threat, any kind of shooting of mass
casualty
of any kind. Father, we thank
you, Lord, that there's an
exposing of darkness in
Jesus'name.
That all hidden things be revealed in
And that our churches,
our pastors, and our preachers are
protected in Jesus'name. And our
congregations,
during Christmas mass and Christmas
candle-lighting
services. Father,
over the Vatican, over these areas, we
call all hidden things to be revealed.
Every plot, every plan, every satanic
agenda to be brought to
naught
in
Jesus'name.
We thank you Lord over the Macy's
Thanksgiving Day Parade. We pray a
hedge around and about the crowds that
no weapon formed against them will
prosper, and even over the Las Vegas Strip,
over the areas, Father, that people are
not paying attention
to,
over any kind of drone attacks—we call
all drone attacks exposed in
Jesus'name.
Over the Christmas tree
lighting at Rockefeller, over the Christmas tree
lightings in Washington, D.C. on the 29th.
We call all hidden things to be revealed in
Jesus'name.
No black swan events in
There is an anointing on that;
I felt it right then. When I said
that, it's a
key for you. Do you understand? When I
feel the anointing, it was a
wave; it came up out of me. There
is
something definitely about a black
swan event concerning Washington, D.C. and
tree-lighting ceremonies;
a major disruption.
Do you feel it? There's a
shift because I pray in English. I'm
trying to teach you something. I can
pray in English and I wait for the Holy
Ghost
pulse.
You can pray in English and
it seems flatline.
I prayed
over your grandma, over this,
and you're just praying in the flesh,
but it's coming out
of your spirit because you're
asking, 'Father.'But I wait for the
cues;
I'm waiting for
something that has a
pulse and life to it. I can
pray over
everybody at Walmart and Popeye's
Chicken
or KFC,
and
it's just flatline.
I'm glad you're
praying over everybody that was shopping
at
Akins,
but when I get to certain things in the
spirit, I'll feel the pulse on it.
That means there's direction there;
there's something to it. I
can feel it. It's
warm. The Holy Spirit comes on me warm
and flows out of my stomach.
All of a sudden,
it's like hitting a gusher, but it's
praying in English. I'm doing this
for a reason. It's like whenever you're
using
a metal detector and
you have a hit. Does that make
sense what I'm trying to tell y'all?
Because you can pray over
all the tires and all
the people driving and
there's nothing; it's just dead. But
I'm
waiting for it. I'm sending out signals.
It's sonar.
That's what I'm doing
right now. I see what's a
hotspot
in English. What am I hitting in
the spirit? I'm touching every area
and when it comes to it, then poof, I
feel that fire come up on me and then I
know that's something.
The
only way you
get there is by being sensitive to the
Spirit of God by praying all the time
without ceasing.
You'll know the wave.
I'm sending out the signal. I have
my metal detector
and
I'm looking, and all of a sudden
I start calling all these major events
out. When you get
sensitive to the Holy Ghost, you'll hit
a gusher with it and you'll
know there's something there.
Does that make sense?
Everything I
pray for has been dead, like just
praying.
That's the only way I can tell y'all so
I can feel it. When I got to
Washington, D.C., praying over President
Trump, I feel it again.
When it comes to Washington, D.C., when
it comes to praying over President
Trump,
I'm in the spirit and
instantaneously
I go over there.
I can see the big malls again. I see a
plot against our malls,
the major shopping malls.
There's a mall I am at right now and
there's an escalator in the middle.
They say, 'This is a fish in
a barrel.'Shooting
at fish in a barrel. They're
laughing.
This is what they're saying.
I hear the chatter.
It's in those underground networks
again. They're talking through the
underground chatter. I see
a Santa Claus hat.
This is concerning
a Santa Claus hat, an
elf hat.
In
the middle of the malls where it takes a lot for people
to run away.
In the middle of the
mall, some
food courts are highlighted before me.
I call
this down. It's in the middle of the
malls where you have to walk in a long
way
and it takes more steps
to get out.
Shooting fish in a barrel is
what I hear.
This is a key word. You need
to remember this.
This is concerning Europe and France. I
see France.
I see a hot
chocolate stand and a place to get
refreshments. I see a Christmas tree
right here. I see French
pastries. I see
a train station
with people.
This is concerning Paris, France.
The Eiffel Tower
is right here and it's further over
here.
Something's over here; I
can see it really close. There
are
croissants
there
and
coffee.
There's a stand
there. I see a
tree, a Christmas tree, and decorations. I see
those long
sticks of bread.
It's a cafe
with
tables.
It's marked.
It's a place where a lot of people are.
There's a lot of hustle and bustle.
It's a cold day
and I see people with
scarves
during the holiday. Do you hear me?
He said, 'Pray over the
city.'So
we thank you, Lord, that you expose
this
darkness concerning France.
There
are
great open doors.
Now I'm seeing the Olympics again. I see
the circles.
Holy
Ghost.
It's
about the 'Good Morning.'I hear this. 'It's a good morning.'It's a show. It's 'The Good Morning.'It's in the morning, early in the morning.
concerning the Olympics.
You can't block it.
I'm going to see through it anyway.
I'll just see around it. You can't block
me from seeing through that.
We're going to expose you and we're
going to expose it. The blood of Jesus
is against you.
I say you're bound
and you get out of here in Jesus'name. I
see right through it.
President Trump
wants
to visit the Olympic Games.
Concerning President Trump going to the
Olympic Games,
it's highlighted: going to Italy for the
Olympic Games to support the American
people.
We pray over him going to the Olympic
Games.
You understand what I'm
seeing? But I can't say,
'Be
still.'How
do we get through that?
What are you planning? That makes me
angry.
All hidden things be revealed.
You cannot put a smoke screen. I call
that smoke screen to go down. I call you
to dissipate in the name of Jesus. I
will see beyond that. I will see beyond
the veil.
The Lord said,
"Brandon, all you have to do is come up
higher."I'm
trying to look at it straight on. He
said, "Come up
higher."You
know what an octopus does?
That's what they're doing.
This is an octopus
demon-looking
thing,
and he puts out an ink that looks like
a screen.
And the Lord said, "You must come up
higher, and I'll show you over it. You
must come up higher. Soar with me like
the eagles do."And I see it.
There's this marine demonic
spirit.
The
Lord
said, "I've got this. Daily you
come."Do
you hear me? He
said, "Daily you
come."Concerning
the
plot,
cut it off. He said, "Cut it off. Be the
source and cut it off.
Pray.
You must pray each and every
single day,
for there's a plan concerning his life.
There's a
hidden plan, and there's an ink there.
And they tried to make a
screen
for the eyes of the watchman to not
be able to see through there.
It's a marine demonic spirit,
and it's trying to block it
where I can't see through there.
That's why I was focusing.
This is a well-thought-out plan,
and they don't want the eyes of the prophetic to see through
this,
but it will come down. He said, "You've just
got to come up
higher."So
ladies and gentlemen, all
5,200 of you, you must come up higher.
Pray over this. This is very serious.
We're
going to come up higher. We'll soar. And
when we go up higher, we'll find out
what's going down here.
We're going to go
higher. And he said, "Every day,
go
higher."But
he said that's later on.
That's February. We have
time. This is concerning right now.
I started zooming in.
It's like one of
those camera lenses;
I can go way deep, but you need to
bring it back and focus on where you are
in the trees right now
concerning
Washington, D.C.
So he said, "You zoomed in too far,
but I'm warning you what's
coming."I'm
warning you right here. This is
going into 2026. We have all of January
and the first of February, praying over
his decision to
participate and support
our
athletes.
And this is even concerning JD Vance.
Praying over them, praying over our
leadership.
Of course, it would have to be at
separate times. They would not go at the
same time, would they? That's not smart.
Like one go one day and the other go the
other day so that they're not
together. You don't put people like that
in the same room at a sporting
event.
Surely they wouldn't do that.
That's
national security. That would be very
dumb.
We just pray over them that they'd have
wisdom in every decision they make.
There's protection over our president.
I know there's some
big old angels around him, and we just
believe there's a covering around
him—every
plot, every plan, all in 2026.
There's protection over this man's life.
He has bulletproof
angels. I'm
telling you, the glory of the Lord is
resting on him, over his wife, over Don
Jr., over Eric, over
Tiffany, Ivanka, and Barron,
and
Kai especially. We
pray over that young granddaughter. We
pray over her father.
We pray over Kai in the
tree-lighting
ceremony.
We pray a covering over her as she's in
Washington, D.C.
We pray over her in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Father. We just thank you,
Lord, for the Trumps. We thank you,
Lord, that there are finances to bless. We
watch the finances. We watch what's
going on in 2026.
I apply the blood over me.
Now, Father, help me. I want to see into
2026 again. Show me, Father, more to
come in 2026 if you allow me to.
I want to see beyond July.
Father, you show us and we'll pray
for it.
Give us a glimpse. Give us these
glimpses to see 2026.
I see the 41st floor again.
I see
the East River again.
Concerning the 250th
anniversary.
April is highlighted before me.
Look when Easter is this
year.
There's something very strong about this
time frame.
I see the 13th highlighted before me.
I don't know why I'm seeing it, but
I see it highlighted.
It's
on a Monday.
So you're saying this is April
13,
2026?
It's highlighted: the 13th.
Why do I feel so much heat?
We thank you, Lord.
2026.
Concerning pushing through the
laws concerning the foundation of the
crypto—a
place we've never been before.
For I have great things in store.
I want to get beyond that, Father. I
want to see through it.
My tongue
doesn't
seem enough
in the natural.
Is it safe to say? He said,
"It's not safe to say
what's
to come up
high."I
want to look into that. I'm at
something and I'm not talking
about it, but he said, "It's not safe to
say; you must come up
high."I
see three.
I went from the April
13th
time frame and I'm now
in
July. July is highlighted,
and there is much to pray about
concerning July. July: a major storm.
I'm at the door of it.
There's a table and there's a battle
plan laid out on the table. I see
a
map and I can see buildings,
but they're
pictures.
They
actually are landmarks.
I see the Washington Monument.
I see where Abraham
Lincoln sits.
I see the White House.
I see the
Capitol.
It's a map.
And
I see there's
one, two,
three. There's a
man with great representation here, and
he has a stick and he's talking about
each one of these places.
It's a map.
It's a plan,
and he's talking about his buildings.
And there's
another point: I see Chicago,
I see New York,
and
I see San Francisco.
Is he talking about
Chicago?
One day we won't have this flesh to deal
with anymore;
one day we'll have our glorified bodies.
I tried to take a break for a minute.
You all really need to pray over 2026—July of 2026.
Easter is very important that you pray
over.
April.
When was Oklahoma City?
What was it about the 13th? I'm seeing
concerning Oklahoma City, baby. The
14th, 15th—it's the week,
it's this time frame.
It's April 19th and 20th of 1995.
Like I said,
don't add to or take away
from anything I show you. Just keep on
track.
I don't understand it;
it doesn't matter. It's to be
prayed out. It's concerning Easter in
April, and the 13th was highlighted
to me. My ears are getting hot again;
I'm going to go back into
it. I just needed a break. It makes me
tired.
It's very heavy, y'all.
When you're looking over like that,
I get tired.
I was looking in July
very hard, and I see a
plan—a
very strong plan
concerning our nation.
We have so much to pray about all the
time. Even when you
look
into the Olympics and then
I shot to there, and I go into April and
then
I may look in July,
and I'm able to see right
at
the first of it, but then it's blocked.
So I'll just tell you,
whatever this is concerning July,
it's about these events to
bring chaos because of the elections
in November.
It's all about
destabilization. This is darkness
concerning our nation. They are scared
spitless of our president
for the next three years—2026, 2027, and 2028.
He just said right there,
'Don't look so much at what you can
see;
it's not what you're
expecting.'He
said, just because it's the 250th
anniversary, it'll be a day when
you're not expecting.
Remember what he said? Black swan
events, like Pearl Harbor.
Pearl Harbor was not when you were
expecting. He showed me right now, and
he said,
'Don't focus on what you think. It's the
surprises.'Like
October 7th, it's surprises.
Do you see
what I'm trying to tell you? So many
people go by what the obvious is.
Don't go by what is obvious. The Lord is
saying today,
'Don't go by what is
obvious.'Oh,
well, it's going to be July 4th
of 2026.
This is for sure like 1776,
and this is the time frame we
know, but it's not the obvious.
It's Pearl Harbor. He keeps telling us
this is a Red Dawn experience.
Don't look at the obvious. You have to
think higher. When I was trying to
look through the ink, he said, 'You
can't see because they're trying to
blow. They know what you're doing. It's
demonic. Come up higher.
You must soar with me in these days
ahead.'It
takes fasting and prayer. You must
come up higher. And he's correcting me.
He's like, 'You know, Brandon, I know
you. You must come up high.'So, son, go
higher.
But the enemy is defeated and
we're going to see it. We're
going to protect President Trump. If
he decides to go over there and have a
good time, well, he's not going to have
to worry about it. We've got his
six. We've got his
backside. We've got everything. We're
protecting him in prayer.
He needs some
R&R,
and that's the church.
We've
got this. We're going to pray for him. I'm
not
worried about it;
protect him in prayer.
Let him enjoy his life. He's getting
older. All of us are. But just enjoy
what God's given you. Don't worry
about things, always being scared.
Enjoy
life, but have wisdom.
And we pray that all hidden
things be revealed through the Secret
Service.
I don't live in a bondage of
fear.
We can't just stop
going to shop
at
Black Friday because of what
the prophetic words are saying.
No, use wisdom and
be cautious. Watch your
surroundings. Don't be a bubblehead.
Be smart and be wise. If you
have discernment and you listen to
the
Holy Spirit, run. But
don't be in fear.
Use wisdom and
listen to the Holy Spirit.
Follow his leadings.
We live in a
dark time, and we just pray in the Holy
Spirit and he'll show us.
Does that make sense? I want
so much to come up higher with him.
As we're praying tonight, there are 5,900 of us.
Many hands
make light work.
I
think it's been going on for probably two
hours
and 40 minutes.
I'm seeing a lot of darkness and I just
want to take a break for a second.
You started an hour and some minutes ago.
We're going to finish strong here. He
said, 'I have one more.'There are some more
things left to go.
We thank you, Lord, that they have
peace in Ukraine.
We call
Thank you, Lord.
Every one of those cities—all ten cities, all
the major cities
and
towns.
Father, I thank you
for
exposing them. I thank you
exposing them over our
beautiful Christmas season.
We just give you praise and glory for it
in
Jesus'name.
Tomorrow is Tuesday.
We'll keep covering this this week in
the blood. We keep covering this time
frame in our airports and our airways. I
feel like we pushed really hard tonight.
I've
seen a lot. I could feel a great
push coming on about the 29th.
Hallelujah.
I'm excited about the new year.
2026,
here we come.
Praise the Lord. I'm done.
And they say spiritual warfare is not
hard work? They aren't doing it right.
You're pushing in the
spirit.
They said, 'Well, it isn't supposed to
be hard.'Well, you're
packing a 100-pound
bag up
your back and you're
climbing
Mount Everest.
You've
got spiritual
weights on you. I
see what the enemy is trying to
do. And we pray over the Olympics. I
pray over Paris. I pray over all this
stuff. This is not
just a one-and-done; it's
something you just keep cultivating.
You keep going
to the spiritual gym over this and you
pray over our nation concerning 2026.
We will have a Red Wave.
Oklahoma will
have a major move of God concerning
another Republican
governor and we won't have some
far-left over our area.
No sir, we will not
in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. Now,
we just thank you that it's done. As we
give you praise, Father, and we look to
you, our maker, our creator.
We thank you, Lord, for protecting our
president. We thank you, Lord, for
protecting our nation. And oh God, we
praise you, God, that all the things we
prayed tonight, Father, you heard our
cry—all
5,900 of us. Thank
you, Father. You heard our cry. Father,
our cry is for peace. Our cry is for a
revival. Our cry is, Father, for a major
move of God over these nations.
Father, every nation that's represented
here from South Korea, Father,
I thank you, Lord, for their
government.
Their government will not be communist.
It will not be infiltrated by China or
North Korea. They will stand strong
in these days ahead, Father, and they
pray, Father, as a praying
people. Father, I thank you, Lord, that
the people of South Korea and Taiwan are
covered in the blood of Jesus. They're
covered in the name of Jesus. And every
plot, every plan of the wicked to try to
cause division in their government is
foiled in the name of Jesus. May the
people of South Korea rise up and pray
down the angelic host with fire and
with the angelic host watching over them
in the name of Jesus over this great
land.
Thank you, Father, for South Korea.
Thank you, Lord. You're not done with
them. Thank you, Lord. They're just on
my heart right now. We pray over our
South Korean people. Thank you, Father,
for Japan and for all the nations
that are represented here today. We call
for fire of the Holy Ghost in their
churches. Fire and the Holy Ghost in
their churches, Lord.
Thank you, Father. Father, they'll have
a major revival all through China. The
underground churches will remain strong
and not falter and get weak and weary in
well-doing.
But you give them, Father,
a wind in their sails with creative
miracles and creative ideas, Father, to
spread the gospel
so
that they'll not be weary in
well-doing.
Give them hope, Father. Visit them in
the midnight hour with a supernatural
visitation with you,
Lord—angelic
aid and assistance with angelic
aid over our Asian brothers and sisters
going throughout Vietnam and over the
Philippines.
We call forth a major revival over these
areas, God. We stir in them, Father, in
the name of Jesus. For Father, you said
persecution comes for the word's sake,
but Father, I thank you for creative
ideas to spread the gospel all
throughout Asia in the name of Jesus
where the iron curtain has been so
strong. We call the iron curtain down in
the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth. We
say you will not hold back the
word anymore, that the word of God will
go forth and it will bring forth much
fruit, much victory over North Korea,
over South Korea, over Japan, over
Taiwan, over these areas. We call forth
a major move of God in the name of
Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for angelic
aid and assistance
and we give you all the glory, honor, and
praise and we call it done. And we stand
with them over Australia, over the
Netherlands, over
India,
over it in the name of Jesus. The glory,
the glory of the Lord
all around them in
Jesus'name.
We thank you, Lord, that they do not get
weary in well-doing and they remain strong
all throughout 2026,
all through this time frame. Oh, Father,
we praise you, Father, for all of the
Asians that are represented here today.
We give you glory, honor, and praise for
it in the mighty name of Jesus.
Thank you for healings, demonstrations,
and manifestations of the glory
in the name of Jesus over our Asian
brothers and sisters.
Thank you, Father.
We give you praise, Father, that it is
finished—the
finished work of Jesus
Christ. We call them saved; we call
them
delivered over Africa, over these
areas.
We thank you, Father.
Father, I thank you that your yoke is
easy.
Take the yoke upon you and learn of
me. For
I am
meek
and
lowly
and my burden is light.
My yoke is easy and my burden is light. My yoke is easy and my burden's light.
Thank you, Father, that the yoke is easy
and his burden is light.
Father, they're just going to keep
strong.
Glory to God.
I feel good now. We feel released. I
feel released.
We pray over our friends.
There's a sweet presence that just
rolled in. I feel it; it feels wonderful.
I just go, 'Thank you, Holy Spirit.
Thank you, Holy
Spirit.'We've
worked and we've done
so much work. We did so good. Thank you
for helping me.
Thank you for helping me. It's so
wonderful when everybody joins
together and prays with me. I appreciate
you all being here, every single one of
you. Could you please do me a favor?
Please like, subscribe, and comment down
below. Help me; I'm trying to get to
the million mark. I believe by 2026 we
will have the million men and women
prayer army, all to the glory of God. I
don't know, that's just a push and
that's a goal of what we've been
believing for. It's what He said too.
So, I just keep going.
We're almost to 600K
and we'll keep marching on. We're going
to
keep marching on and once we get
there, I don't know what we'll believe for
next, but it's what He said
to do.
So, I keep being obedient to what He
asked me to do. And once we get there,
we just keep going. We have 584,451
as of this moment. Ain't that wonderful?
All glory to Jesus. Now, if all
584,000 showed up at one time to pray,
wouldn't that be cool?
Yes.
We have 5,500 right now. But if all
584,000
all showed up at one time to pray, wow.
Wouldn't that be a prayer service?
That's a massive prayer service. That'd
be
like—that's
a city, man, all praying at one
time.
Everybody comes in and comes out
all through the time. But I mean,
wouldn't that be cool if all of them
showed up at one time and prayed for like
an hour?
Yes.
What could we do with that?
I don't know, you'd have to crash
YouTube or something, you
know?
You ain't joking. The
devil's like,
'Ah!'He's
freaking out.
'Oh no,
take
cover.'Yeah,
that's like a massive army.
Imagine that.
That's battalions. It's
like going in after the
devil and he's freaking out.
He's hiding in a hole at that point.
Everybody praying at the same time.
That's cool, man. I know it's
going to happen. It can happen.
Why not? Believe big. And then we
get to a million. All million pray at
one time. We start praying. It's like
an
icebreaker.
Even when there's 5,500 all
praying at
the same time, it's
substantial.
I don't know very many people that have
that many praying at a time for two
hours or an hour and a half.
I just want to
wreak
havoc in his kingdom. You know, the
devil's just running with terror. This
is James 4:7: 'Submit yourselves therefore
unto God. Resist the devil and he will
flee.'In
that Bible, as in terror. You
know, we're submitting. He's fleeing.
He's
like—I
want to freak him out.
He's such a jerk.
Whatever, man. You're
defeated by the
blood.
All glory to Jesus.
So, if you did that for me, thank you. I
appreciate your help. We'll keep
praying.
If you're here tonight and you've never
accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord
and
personal savior, I believe tonight's
your night. There's so many of you that
come on and you're just spectating and
you're just curious about what's being
said. I know there's a lot of occult
people. They come and they tell us
they're devil worshippers or they're
into new age or they're into crystals or
they're into all kinds of things. But
I just always want to make sure
that you know that there's a heaven
to gain and a hell to shun. And if
you're here tonight and you've never
accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and
personal savior, you need to know Him.
Not only do you need to know Him, but He
needs to know you. And if
you're not born again, today might be
your last day on this earth. I'm just
going to tell you, it's appointed unto
man once to die, and after that,
judgment. And if you don't know Jesus
Christ and you die tonight, you're going
to hell.
You need to know Jesus Christ.
There's only one
way to the Father, and that's the Lord
Jesus Christ. So I want you tonight, if
you're here and you've never made Jesus
Christ your Lord and personal Savior, I
want to give you the opportunity
before we close to accept Him.
So I want you to say a simple prayer
with me. I won't make it long. I know
it's getting late, but you know
what? This is the most important
decision you'll ever make. Regardless of
how late it is, it's never too late to
accept Jesus, and I want to do this
tonight. So, I'm going to say a simple
prayer, and I want you to be public about
your decision. I want you to say in
the comment section down below, 'I want
to be saved.'So, I'm going to say the
simple prayer and you repeat it after me,
and after that, I believe you're a
born-again
Christian. The Bible says with the
heart, confession is made unto
salvation.
So you say, 'Jesus,
I believe You're the Son of God.
I believe that You died for me and You
rose again on the third day. Jesus, I
want to be a Christian. I want to serve
You. I turn my back on the world. I turn
my back on the devil. I turn my back on
my sin. And from this day forward, I'll
serve You with all my heart. I'm selling
out to You, Lord, and I ask You to be my
Lord and personal Savior. Forgive me of
my sins, Lord. I'm a sinner and I need
You to forgive me.'And the Bible says
if you confess your sins, He is faithful
and just to forgive you of your sins and
cleanse you of all unrighteousness. And
from this day forward, Lord, I'll serve
You with all my heart. Father, I turn my
back on the world. I turn my back on the
devil. And I thank You, Father, that
You've forgiven me and I'm saved in
Jesus'name.
Now, Lord, write my name in
the Lamb's Book of Life. And I thank
You, Lord, for doing it. Amen and amen.
I believe if you just said that simple
prayer, you became born again.
Old things are passed away. Behold, He
said He makes all things new. The moment
you confess it is the moment you got rid
of it. That's not when God found
out about it; that's the moment you got
rid of it. So, welcome to the family, and
I'm excited that you accepted
Jesus Christ. Whoever did it, I
believe even if there's just one of you,
it was worth it. So, we give God all the
glory, honor, and praise. So, what do
you do now? You go to a
Bible-believing
church. I would say a non-denominational
church. Get plugged in there. Tell that
pastor, 'I want to be
water-baptized.'Tell
them, 'I need to be
water-baptized.'And
get plugged in. Go to church on
Sundays, Wednesdays, whenever you have
an opportunity to go to church. Get
plugged in. Go there. Read your Bible
every day and pray. If you can't afford
a Bible, if you don't have a Bible, we
want to celebrate your decision tonight
to come to Christ and give you your
first Bible for free.
There's a description down there
with
an email address.
Write the email and tell my
wife, 'I want my free Bible. I just got
born again. I want to have the free Bible.'There's
ten
of you that gave your
heart to Christ. I'm so glad I went
ahead and did that. Thank God for all
ten
of you. Welcome to the family. And you
can get that free Bible. We'll send it
to you via Amazon, and we just want to
give all the glory to Jesus and tell you
welcome to the family. So that's
exciting. Ten people—Braden, I wasn't
going to do it, and so ten people gave
their heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
That's awesome.
Eleven!
So we give all the glory to Jesus.
Well, thank you for joining us again
tonight. And we want to tell you you are
always welcome, and we're excited you're
here. And so we close out the video
tonight. Is there anything—do they have
any questions or anything before I go?
Not really.
Yeah,
not really. Okay.
They're just going to ask if they
want a recap of the video, but you
can do that next time.
I'll do it next time. Yeah,
I'll go over it and make sure I
really
try to
make it clear to y'all and make
the shorts. People like those
shorts,
you know.
Yeah,
you've
been doing really good on
those. I try to keep them under
thirty
minutes
so you can watch
the highlights and everything. He
cuts the tongues out so you can just go
and it
takes him a little bit, but
it's kind of cool to have
for your references or whatever.
Wow, that was really rough tonight. Not
for me, but just because
these people are relentless with trying
to destroy our nation. How they're just
demonically energized. And when I keep
seeing this stuff, I'm like, 'Do
y'all
just not give up?'You don't give up.
Y'all are just crazy. They're just full
of that devil, always trying to hurt
people. It's like, 'What's wrong with
y'all?'They
think they're doing it for
Allah or whatever. I don't know what
their
problem is. I almost say, 'What's
their problem?'All the things I saw
about Europe
tonight—it's
like, what in the world? These
people are demonically energized.
It's always trying to strategize to
kill, steal, and destroy. It's like, 'Do
you not just enjoy life? Why are you
always trying to hurt
people?'I
just don't get it. It's like the
average person—they just want to enjoy
life and go to the football game, or go
out and have a snow cone, go to a movie
or something, have fun. But your
main mission is to try to hurt people
who are just trying to enjoy their
family and their life. And I just
go—that
just doesn't make sense to me.
It's like, 'What's wrong with
you?'You
know, after a while, just like, 'Don't
you get tired of being evil?
Don't you get tired of being that
way?'How
do you wake up every single day and
have so much hatred for people in your
heart
to always want to? That's why it's
tiring for me. I just go because I just
don't get it. It's like, 'Why? What's
wrong with you?'You're just
demon-possessed.
And they think their holy war
and Allah and all the craziness, and
it's like, 'What's wrong with
you?'Sharia
law. They're nuts. It's like, 'Leave us
alone. Go!'If you hate life so much,
go have a little community and have a
hate club in your little area and go
away.
We'll just designate a certain area in
the desert for you in
Death Valley, and we'll just put walls up
there and we'll put you in there and you
can blow each other up inside that
stupid Death Valley. I mean,
where it gets 120 degrees, 130
degrees, and we'll give you
your little hell there because you're
fixing to go to hell anyway. So, we'll
just go ahead and put your little walls
up, put you all in there that want to
have your Sharia law and your craziness,
and we'll just go, 'Okay, but we're
going to have peace and
happiness over here.'You enjoy your hell
over there, because that's where you're
going anyway. It's already hot, so
experience hell now.
You know, y'all are crazy.
It's just my little rant, but it's just
frustrating to me. There's Mojave
Desert, too. We'll put you over there
for that part of the world. We'll put
little walls up thirty feet high so you
can't get out, and we'll build that wall
and we'll put you in it, and we'll let
you—you
all can—we'll give you all
your bomb-making materials and you can
just go over there and have fun with
them, you know, your toys, because you're
nuts.
God help you.
It's like, 'What's wrong with
y'all?'It's
like all us Christians, we're over
here praying, 'God, give us peace,'and
they're like,
'We're going to create this, we're going
to blow you
up.'It's
like, 'What's wrong with
you?'God
help you.
It is what it is.
God help you. All right. We love you.
Remember, we love you. Jesus loves you.
Put a smile on your face and a song in
your heart. And we will see you again
soon. Tomorrow, 90% chance. God bless
you all. Bye-bye.